Add JobReadyPods feature gate (#30593)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `JobMutableNodeSchedulingDirectives` | `true` | Beta | 1.23 | |
| `JobTrackingWithFinalizers` | `false` | Alpha | 1.22 | 1.22 |
| `JobTrackingWithFinalizers` | `true` | Beta | 1.23 | |

> | `JobReadyPods` | `false` | Alpha | 1.23 | |

Reviewer: Move this before line 132

  completions without relying on Pods remaining in the cluster indefinitely.
  The Job controller uses Pod finalizers and a field in the Job status to keep
  track of the finished Pods to count towards completion.

> - `JobReadyPods`: Enables tracking the number of Pods that have a `Ready`

Reviewer: move this before line 807

  completions without relying on Pods remaining in the cluster indefinitely.
  The Job controller uses Pod finalizers and a field in the Job status to keep
  track of the finished Pods to count towards completion.

> - `JobReadyPods`: Enables tracking the number of Pods with a Ready condition in

Reviewer 2: nit: I'd link to https://k8s.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-conditions

```suggestion
- `JobReadyPods`: Enables tracking the number of Pods that have a `Ready`
  [condition](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-conditions).
  The count of `Ready` Pods is recorded in
```
```
